packages/eslint-plugin/README.md, before:

# eslint-plugin-readme

A custom ESLint plugin for ReadMe engineering guidelines and gotchas.

[![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/readmeio/.github/main/oss-header.png)](https://readme.io)

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/eslint-plugin-readme)](https://npm.im/eslint-plugin-readme) [![Build](https://github.com/readmeio/standards/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/readmeio/standards)

## Usage

In `.eslintrc` file add the following line:

```js
extends: ['plugin:readme/<config>'],
plugins: ['readme'],
```

## 🔖 Available Configs

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

| Config | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| `esm` | Rules specific to ESM libraries. |
| `typescript` | Rules specific to TypeScript libraries. |

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

## 📖 Rules

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

| Rule | Description | Config |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| [no-decorators-on-private-properties](https://github.com/readmeio/standards/tree/main/packages/eslint-plugin/docs/no-decorators-on-private-properties.md) | Prevent the use of decorators on private properties as they cannot be introspected. | `typescript` |
| [no-dual-exports](https://github.com/readmeio/standards/tree/main/packages/eslint-plugin/docs/no-dual-exports.md) | Prevent cases of having a file with dual `default` and named exports. | `esm` |

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

Commit message:

feat: pulling across `prefer-unicode-ellipsis`

packages/eslint-plugin/README.md, after:

# eslint-plugin-readme

An ESLint plugin providing custom rules for ReadMe's coding standards.

[![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/readmeio/.github/main/oss-header.png)](https://readme.io)

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/eslint-plugin-readme)](https://npm.im/eslint-plugin-readme) [![Build](https://github.com/readmeio/standards/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/readmeio/standards)

## Usage

In `.eslintrc` file add the following line:

```js
plugins: ['readme'],
rules: {
  'readme/<rule>': 'error',
}
```

## 📖 Rules

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

| Rule | Description | Category | Fixable? |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| [no-decorators-on-private-properties](https://github.com/readmeio/standards/tree/main/packages/eslint-plugin/docs/no-decorators-on-private-properties.md) | Prevent the use of [decorators](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/decorators.html) on [private properties](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes/Private_properties) as they cannot be introspected. | TypeScript | |
| [no-dual-exports](https://github.com/readmeio/standards/tree/main/packages/eslint-plugin/docs/no-dual-exports.md) | Prevent cases of having a file with dual `default` and named exports. | ESM | |
| [prefer-unicode-ellipsis](https://github.com/readmeio/standards/tree/main/packages/eslint-plugin/docs/prefer-unicode-ellipsis.md) | Prefer using a unicode ellipsis (`…`) instead of three periods (`...`). | Frontend | ✅ |

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->
